Explain what a float range is (#13156)
minetest/minetest: doc/lua_api.txt

All of the properties in this list can be animated with `*_tween` tables
unless otherwise specified. For example, `jitter` can be tweened by setting
a `jitter_tween` table instead of (or in addition to) a `jitter` table/value.
In this section, a float range is a table defined as so: { min = x, max = y }

> X and Y are your supplimented values.

Reviewer: It would be better to have a list of types specific to particlespawner animations plus an example. Also `vec3` is not an established Minetest term and hence needs better explanation (is it a normal `vector`?).

Reviewer 2: Pretty sure what a range is is defined at some point. If not you can infer it from the vec3 ranges.

Reviewer 3: I inferred it after a few mistakes, but they didn't.

> In this section, a float range is a table defined as so: { min = x, max = y }
> X and Y are your supplimented values.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In this section, a float range is a table defined as so: { min = A, max = B }
A and B are your supplemented values. For a vec3 range this means they are vectors.
```
(from memory, please double check)
